Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Angelina C: My gosh, that was a wait and a half. I've been waiting almost 30 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: While
Angelina C: I got on at five till night what she's been looking for you. I said, I don't know how I've been sitting here waiting
Angelina C: Waiting for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So who did you end up speaking with
Angelina C: I have no idea. I've never seen those people before my life.
Angelina C: I got not what know I guess that's wrong. The first guy that got on he sometimes takes us to breakout room so
Angelina C: I don't, I say he's like a little hawk met and then the other one was a Chinese guy I've never talked to just now in my life. So I don't know who that was. I've never seen them before.
Angelina C: Checking in
Angelina C: But I have no idea. It's not the girls that usually that are usually checking your sin. I'm going to try to fit into there's not so much flair for you.
Angelina C: I have so much tell you
Angelina C: A lot. Good, bad and ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me have it all.
Angelina C: You want it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it all.
Angelina C: You should be, well, don't be proud of me because I finally did it today. So
Angelina C: I called for my student loan this morning.
Angelina C: And I got we don't pay on it from come march that it might now that I was Codex going on. It's like I'm paying on it. So I don't start paying $5 a month for nine months in October.
Angelina C: And that's wiped clean so I can go File my taxes now. So, my brothers coming to get my or I'm going to take them to him, but I'm going to go do my taxes, give them to him so we can get that money.
Angelina C: And I owe my brother a lot because I wrecked the Audi that I was buying from him and I'm up and moved out of that place without killing the landlord in advance.
Angelina C: And he said he doesn't really care about any of the other money and my mom probably won't either. It's just, he wants the money back for what I did at the apart at the place because I didn't do his friend wrong.
Angelina C: So, and so he borrow some money off of my stimulus, because I have it in a hiding for I have it hiding from Paul really
Angelina C: I have my stimulus, but it's, it, it's on an account that my mom has for me. And so my brother's been holding on to annoy putting certain mountain, it just in case. Paul is to get the card and so
Angelina C: I now that I can file my taxes. We're going to go get a low income apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: In Albuquerque. Oh.
Angelina C: Yeah, so we're gonna do that move out here. He gives me six weeks to get out of here, but
Angelina C: He is so far gone, when I have to I
Angelina C: I hate to say this I because because always saying, Why do you feel like you have to try and I said, because I know who he really is. But I he came in on Wednesday.
Angelina C: And he
Angelina C: Kept me up all night and I had to go to work the next day I went to work, throw. I've been throwing up for a week. A week my nerves everything had been shot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: I can't eat. I've been throwing just constantly puking. So it every night. I go to work. I'm a bit like even last night, I was like, Fine. They call me something in the doctor called me something for nausea and
Angelina C: I got it. I thought I got to eat a little bit of a yogurt now. So I've been so sick use literally talking to people that aren't even there, he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating all
Angelina C: He is so far on and I can't, I, I told my kid. I'll get him help we can take in my moms like it's not that easy. He's not wanting help
Angelina C: But he told me that I have to get out why he's here. And I said, I've already planned on moving out anyway. So my daughter wants me to go to the apartments over by her the low income ones, which
Angelina C: Which are good. So they'll go by my income for right now. And then I'm going to go ahead and go back to nursing and get in with my daughter.
Angelina C: Yeah, but we have to leave all the vehicles here of course he doesn't want to speak. And even though he gave Michaela one so
Angelina C: But that's pretty much where we're headed. I didn't go into work today, I gotta go get blood work. They're going to check me for if busy or not busy man, they're going to check me for
Gwenevere Abriel: COPD.
Angelina C: No, not really that it's more a
Angelina C: Not anorexic, the other one.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Angelina C: What yeah it me for that because I just, I have a really hard time eating, but it's getting worse. And I don't know.
Angelina C: What's going on now. I've just I know a lot of it to depression and stuff, but every since I've been sick, just a hard time eating and with my potassium been throwing up my potassium cry low, so I gotta go get checked for all those things today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I didn't York. Okay, well, okay, good, but believe me I you know if you are believe it if you're inducing your
Angelina C: Iron. It's not believe me I can't think of the word for it. One with your iron
I think
Angelina C: I can't think of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just celebrate. Let's celebrate that you made some big decisions. Let's get behind that.
Angelina C: It feels really good. I, I told a Michaela that you know it through this. All I I stay quiet to myself I stayed in my room just thinking positive just thinking, you know,
Angelina C: He left for a couple days and I didn't think he this guy. He was supposedly on Wednesday. That's why I thought today was Wednesday. So I'm confused. In my day.
Angelina C: Uh huh. I knew I had the meeting at to opt in today. So
Angelina C: Anyway I he left at instead leaving it to this morning. He left like at midnight or something. But he was Michaela hit text me when she was in Albuquerque kind of scared of him and
Angelina C: It just bothered me a little bit. So he's just not too far gone, and it's going to be better will have running water will have our own apartment and then I can just start getting into a job in Albuquerque.
Angelina C: So go back
Angelina C: Way I know I have good internet from a Kayla to get her schooling going again. It just gives me a fresh start. And then, now that I can file my taxes at the huge things and I could be my brother back which they're like seeing that I only have to pay so much so that's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie. Let's slow down and appreciate you did in one week. But most people take a year to do. Do you know that
Angelina C: No, but it feels good. Let's just because now we have a little bit of money because I can found my taxes. I think that's what makes me feel good that I've sat on it to usually I'd blow my money.
Angelina C: And we haven't even McKeever now we're trying to stick together on it, and my brother Boston and I'm just gonna let him keep that. And then the rest I have plenty still to get into an apartment and it's still maybe a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it means that you're in that you are repairing some damage that you did with your brother with this car, give him the money. I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that relationship that investment giving that piece of money back, even though I know you need it. I know you need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's part of this recovery. That's where that that that you know I was damaged people right I damaged property I damaged relationships when I was in active addiction and I've got to atone
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're doing it. You said, I'm going to give up, even though I know how much you need this money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to repair that relationship, it will bring dividends, it will bring much much more having an ongoing relationship with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it will 1000 or 2000 or whatever it is, it's you're not going to have right now the investment in that relationship. I think it's going to be so much more worth it.
Angelina C: Was like he was saying, you know, he does loan people money, but he only sees a one or two payment, you know, and
Angelina C: You know, I haven't told he asked, Can I get a loan from you and it felt so good because I told my Kayla he's asking me for a loan which I owe him that money but
Angelina C: He was, he broke. He told me 160 but he said, I guess 960 but he was going to give me 60 back and I said, that's fine. But he says, why don't I just keep that
Angelina C: Mom probably won't have you pay her back probably and that
Angelina C: He's not even worried about the Audi money he's just worried about what I did with his friend when we moved out and it just didn't give them enough notice so
Angelina C: That's and he says that, that's all. He'll care about other than that he doesn't care about anything else except being my grandfather's truck back from his dad and he says, It doesn't matter how much it costs will get it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me more about this notion of going back to school, that's the piece that my jaws just dropped
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you come to a conclusion.
Angelina C: Well mckillop out here. We're having a hard time getting I have to get a phone line. I have to get so much, just to get internet out here.
Angelina C: Yeah, so
Angelina C: My God, I found this guy. He's so cute, he's gay. He comes into the store and he's running out here, he's like 20 something cutest little guy. But he's running for president of in a stand Sia or governor and He's the cutest little thing. And he told me to go to
Angelina C: College. It was America Americans community college, I think, and I think that was when I wrote it down, though, and he told me that
Angelina C: He wants some feedback from Michaela on teenagers right now what they're going through the ones that want to drop out. Why in the bullying and he wants feedback from a lot of the younger students. So I thought that was kind of fun because she can campaign with them a little bit
Angelina C: Uh huh. So
Angelina C: I started thinking about and I go, because I have to get a phone line out here to get the internet to even get it to work. So I said when we get to Albuquerque. Boom. We have Wi Fi.
Angelina C: Once we get the Wi Fi. We're good. We don't have to worry about anything. And then you can get your laptop.
Angelina C: I say, even if I have to get a cheesy went off a wish for 30 $40 right now at least we'll have when I have my little one, but the kids have slobbering all over it, but
Angelina C: The grandbabies but other than that Mikael is pretty much packed after she saw this and you know what hurt me, though, is I did start putting money into the house.
Angelina C: And I
Angelina C: Put some of that money into. And he's like, well, just think of you. It was like you're renting, I said, that's fine you know
Angelina C: But once we got into that fight. I couldn't stand him he's just not himself. So we're just so excited. I'm, I'm happy. There's a lot that got done, but it just took a phone call, like you said, that was really
Angelina C: You know,
Angelina C: Yeah, and it feels good and it's just now, you know, at least I'll have the truck. Now to move everything out. Just so he gets back and that my brother. And I'll start looking for a car with the rest of the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: This all came about from drawing the line on a piece of paper writing down what's important and then fine tuning it and putting over on the left side. What has a sense of urgency and that day. I think there were like four items or something. It wasn't a lot on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it there.
Angelina C: Yeah, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get off the video with me and go do them know what did you like
Angelina C: I went to the room when I started getting ready for work and piddling and procrastinating. And then I kept telling Michaela
Angelina C: Today I said I was just calling. I need to make these phone calls. I'm not going to do it. And I called my brother.
Angelina C: And let him know about when I if I can find my taxes. What we're going to do with the money and how I was going to do it. And you said, That's great.
Angelina C: So I got off and I call the student loan people. That's what got me late getting on with you but I called the student loan and they said that
Angelina C: They said,
Angelina C: That if I make if they say, I thought it was $30 a month. That's what I made with Alexis. And she said, you can go from because I told him everything my I was spending on and all this.
Angelina C: So he wrote it all down and he said that was food and everything.
Angelina C: He told me it's going to be $5 a month for the next nine months, starting in October, but they will not take my taxes. So that's another 5000 right there for me.
Angelina C: So once I started getting the money and and i don't tell Paul. Now I'm hiding it. Because that's only because he's not doing any good for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, let me stop right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay all not here yet right here. So keep keep holding on to that when you say he's not himself. He's not no fool is going to tell someone I got a few thousand dollars if you're an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just don't
Angelina C: Right.
Angelina C: He's not. Yeah.
Angelina C: I've learned and
Angelina C: He's not and then you know like you when you got Michaela new phone. And I'm like, he wants. And I said, Why doesn't he just keep this account, since he has the kids phones on it.
Angelina C: I said, just keep this account and I'm just going to go get me mine. He's like, I want my own account. I'm like, dude, whatever. So I'm going to put my phone in Mackay listening and then he can just have this line. I just got to get it out of my name and put his name on it so
Angelina C: And let him change everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take apart a little bit how
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting on the phone with your brother did something for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. It did something. What did it do for you.
Angelina C: He well I've been empty I procrastinate to call him a lot. Um, especially for everything that happened.
Angelina C: Um, and like it. At first he kind of had attitude with me when or no, he called them morning I got my money. He said, I got my money. What do you want to do with it.
Angelina C: And I said, Please, just hold on to it. I'm not going to tell anybody. I got it. And I said, but then I didn't work for two weeks. So I use. I use that money up. I didn't work, two weeks. Thank gosh I had it.
Angelina C: But then, I've been spoiling here little kitties and getting them little things at the Dollar Tree just things I feel good about
Angelina C: And then my brother just has been watching it. So I, at least, like if I need to cigarettes or I need, whatever. Um, it's there. I'm okay.
Angelina C: And so now that I filed this this morning when he he's always been there to help me and I know he's the one that I desperately need to pay it back in that weighs heavy on my mind more than anything.
Angelina C: Than fixing the house up because he even said, can we go out there and fix the pipes in the hot water heater for you. And I said, no, because I don't want to put money into this like now and get kicked out.
Angelina C: So when he comes home. I have to leave. And I just thought, I'm not doing that. I'm not so I told
Angelina C: My brother said that smart. And he says, he says, that makes sense. So we just sat on it for a while and then I call them today.
Angelina C: Because I'll tell my mom, but my mom just she fell. I guess he told me two days ago she felt pretty bad and hurt her ankle on her elbow and her skin tears like paper. So, um, yeah. So she's doing okay though, but he was telling me I'm
Angelina C: I told him about the low income apartment and he thought about going back to that place rich was out, but it's just too small for my Kayla night she needs her own room. She's 16
Angelina C: And if I can get low and I was paying 640 there I'll pay pay less because they go by my income. I'm just going to have to drive. The only thing is I'm gonna have to drive back and forth for right now from
Angelina C: Albuquerque to edge word I'm just until I can get switched jobs over either to get a, get a gas station in Albuquerque or
Angelina C: The Beehive home with my daughter had nights. Yeah. So yeah, I'm gonna try that. And I think we'll be all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what makes you think about returning to the field of nursing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: The money. Yeah. So remind me. Did you leave because you were like,
Angelina C: burnt out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you were burnt out. Okay. Yeah.
Angelina C: I was just
Angelina C: A new last year. This. That's why I guess the coven didn't really bother me this much.
Angelina C: Honestly, because last year we lost everybody went to the nursing home almost and we we almost shut down our whole company because of it.
Angelina C: So that's why this year it. That's what it feels like to me. So everybody's like, because like one person came from California. And I like you're not doing this and you're not doing that. And I'm like, you should be in California. You shouldn't be here. Don't tell me what to do.
Angelina C: It's like you're supposed to. Why are you here. But yeah, that I think that's why I haven't really taken it that serious and I I should just because of the nursing part, but I feel that it's just like last year. We just lost so many of the elderly, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's let's keep deconstructing the importance of how you were able to move forward on so many decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's no here's what I heard, I heard you say my need to pay back. My brother is really important and it's almost like was did you make a decision when you're on the phone with him. I'm going to pay him back.
Angelina C: Because our deal was last year when I got my taxes to deal was I was buying the Audi from him, and it was $3,000. Okay, so then I had already was using their money before I got a job, no problem. They can be whatever I needed gas money to get to work, whatever.
Angelina C: And I, and it was just so small. My brother was reconstructing his room remodeling and I seen his bathroom and all that. So he was in our old McKellen eyes over him.
Angelina C: So we were out in the living room. So it was just so crowded at the time. So he threw us over, not through us, but he put us with his friend rich, which is a millionaire. That is a tightwad
Angelina C: That was charging a 640 for a studio and it was teeny tiny and it's just way too small for material and I
Angelina C: And I thought, you know, I was paying 640 for a two bedroom before. So it was just something to get out and he paid for the down payment, and if we moved out early to break the legacy really charged, my brother, all of that for everything after I lost my job I wrecked the Audi everything
Angelina C: And so I'm just, I, I've known this whole time. I need to pay my brother back with my taxes. He's the one that will do it for me.
Angelina C: So he's going to, I'm going to go take them after we get off the phone. Today I'm going to do. He's out here at doing some workout here. So I'm going to go meet them and
Angelina C: And I'm going to go give them my taxes and file it. He's like, is there anything else I said, nope, it was just my student loan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons I'm less focused on Charlie. Charlie did that. That's not where I'm trying to steer your attention. What I'm trying to do is have you really zero in on something that worked for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because notice after you and I were talking, it was all fine and good, and you pretty much like what we were talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: But then you just got ready for work, even though you had said, I'm going to make this call. I'm going to do it as soon as we end, but you didn't. So hold on. That's fine, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you did was get on the phone with your brother and my question. So I'm asking. And again, I'm not interested in content. These are process questions, these have to do with finding the switch that works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it
Angelina C: Feels good, that I could pay him back.
Angelina C: That I know that I could file my taxes.
Angelina C: I just had to call them. You know what I mean.
Angelina C: So I let him know what was going on. And I think it just gave me the motivation to once I got off. I called the student loan people right away before I would not get off and do it, it's been since January. I've talked to them. So that's how time flies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay on this this concept.
Angelina C: So once I got off that i just i i looked at Michaela this morning, cuz we finally got to talk this morning and
Angelina C: I just thought, I have a lot to do games like if it's too overwhelming long. And so I just started making calls and
Angelina C: I let my boss know three hours ahead of time that I need to get blood work done. And she's like, we got you covered. So
Angelina C: I just kind of took it and ran a night I did on my brother, and it does feel good to pay him back because like it first. Mikayla was like the same way, kind of like you would have been like
Angelina C: We don't have that money to do that with but he didn't, it didn't matter. I have money in my account, no matter what, even though he borrowed money he still made sure I was okay.
Angelina C: And and still make sure the account would go down. He's always to ensure
Gwenevere Abriel: That you did put something over here that I don't, I gotta get clear on what is, what is it that you think that I'm thinking
Angelina C: Know when you are when you are sitting there and you said, I'm like what we were saying how my brother, even though I need to pay him back, even though I need the money so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, like
Angelina C: Kayla was the same way. Kinda
Angelina C: You know, and it was kind of like we said like guy you need it. But to me, I know later on down the line. I know if I need him and I pay this back and it feels so good. I've never done that with Paul we've never
Angelina C: We've either done things bad and just took it and run when we were in our addiction, whatever we never pay people back. And so for me, little by little, I always made that deal with my brother, and I've stuck with it because
Angelina C: Even when we were down and out when we went there, they helped us and I think he really didn't think I was in a pay him back. I don't feel so that made me feel even better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there. Stay there. If this is the ingredient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is what I see out here. I see. I'm holding myself accountable.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a sister as a friend, it's a family member.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is different. I'm not an active addiction. I now feel guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to pay my brother back and look what loosened up because this is what I heard. I might be different, how you felt a bit out here. This is how it looked
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it freed up energy to be accountable to find out the truth and now with the student loan. Now you were free that psychologically it loosens it up, you already addressed the big guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You addressed it by saying, I'm going to pay you this, and he made it easy because he he did this thing easier. But fantastic. That's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because an active addict would not do that an addict would justify rationalize and say, you know, I don't need you, you, you could have persuaded him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't. And that is such a testament to the different place that you are in your life. Do you see that you are in recovery you doing that thing you did with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look what just listened up I might I want to apartment school. Do you see that I see my husband is in addiction, you all this type wound up pent up energy around not seeing what is loosened up and all these opportunities opened up.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you addressed guilt regular old healthy guilt, which we all need gotta have it but you found it and it. I think it was what was keeping you from taking action on things like with that list.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. I don't know. Look at your list right now. Does it say, Pay brother back just curious to
Angelina C: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Though it wasn't on the list.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so guess what you did you procrastinated
Gwenevere Abriel: And you found it on your own. You had to get there on your own you realizing I need, I need to address this thing with my brother, but it didn't make it to the list.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is an important piece of information. So now let's say sometime in the future we do something like this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might say to you, you know what, Angie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you feeling guilty about something. Where are you feeling like you want to repair either a relationship or a debt of some kind. Just TUNE IN. TUNE IN. TUNE IN. And we'll wait for it, wait for it, and if
Gwenevere Abriel: We find it. We might have found a block for you. We might have found, What might be holding you up. It might be around accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, water to self mother, brother, whatever it is. Okay. That is a key feature in a sober life when you are an active addiction. That is just a ridiculous concept accountability, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so hold on to that and really
Gwenevere Abriel: Take an opportunity and see what a departure, this way of being is
Gwenevere Abriel: You and your brother didn't keep your word.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're keeping your word that means you value you you value your word. You are accountable responsible. You are trustworthy. Guess what that says to the universe.
Gwenevere Abriel: My trustworthy. I trust myself. I do what I say, look what it opens up to promises, you may want to keep give and offer your daughter. I can keep a promise.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to move on. I want to go to the next one. I want to sit here and bask in what you did.
Angelina C: Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm proud of myself and it feels good. I mean, you know,
Angelina C: It does. It does really good and and I'm like, I even told me, Kayla, you know,
Angelina C: Cuz I told my mom necessity to I just went Michaela like you got to help me save you got to help me do this. You got to help me.
Angelina C: And I just came at her. I said, Let's get an account in your name and let's put it in your name and not and i was going like 90 miles an hour. And just like mom.
Angelina C: No, that's too much for me right now. I said, okay, so I backed off of that. And that's when I, you know, I'm just happy that we can do my taxes and that just we need the money and I, and now I know to save to before I just blow it.
Angelina C: Ya know,
Angelina C: Because I didn't have, you know, so, but now I know that he's I should have known that to begin with it. None of the vehicles. So I have insurance and my name on them. I gotta go take out of it, but
Angelina C: Hey, I'll get a new car. I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get a transportation. It'll. It'll come these other pieces. These ones where
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be in a home that has running water that has stability for you and your daughter and not be living with an active addict. I just think that is such a good investment.
Angelina C: Yeah, I, I might my oldest had a talk with me to the day before Mother's Day. I kind of shut down for Mother's Day, a little bit but um I told
Angelina C: She, she started talking to me and said, Mom, and because she's really wanted me to live with them and I said, Trisha. There's just too much that's too small for us. It's just too much. And we've already tried that and so
Angelina C: I just told her so we start thinking, and I said, you know, maybe I'll just try the low income apartments by you and then to start talking more about it and she thinks, I'd be a good idea to so we just started talking more about it.
Angelina C: And I thought, you know, I don't see why not. If I have if I can get the paint the first and last month's downpayment with my taxes. What's left after I pay my brother. Back. And he and, you know, like you said once once one open
Angelina C: For it like you said it all open because then he's even said, Mom, probably won't even have you pay her back. I'm just worried about the money from rich. So once I pay that back. I know that.
Angelina C: You know, like you said, another door opens for me. So that's not so much of a burden on me.
Angelina C: You know cuz I wouldn't have anybody else file my taxes, but my brother. You know what I mean, last year, they went through all this. We waited waited waited when they said I could do it. And I couldn't. And they took them from me.
Angelina C: So that's when he was the one that kept getting on me about it. He's like, it's just money sitting there, it could be yours. You know, he's like, You're the one that's letting it go, not me. And so the more I sat on it and then
Angelina C: I got a couple voicemails that they kept saying it was zero percent interest on my student loan. And I was like, cool, then they say, you may have to pay zero back
Angelina C: But then it's just it right now. They're not I guess from March to sep tember 30th, whoever has a student long does not have to pay on it.
Angelina C: And then it picks up on October 1 that's one of my first $5 payment will be and then I'll just take it out every for nine months and then I'll be clear to that student. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh that is just such great news.
Angelina C: Well, I feel like it's all happening for a reason, kinda, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will tell me what the reason is.
Angelina C: Just to move forward to go on life. I can do this. I'm a lot stronger than what
Angelina C: I make myself obsolete and I know I can do it. It's just doing it and I am the biggest procrastinator. And the one to hesitate.
Angelina C: And I think now it's just my next day off will go in and I'll start looking at the apartments or I'll start calling them. I'm just waiting for my daughter to send me the number but
Angelina C: Other than that, I just feel that we've tried it. I've been here done this and I keep trying with it's like hitting a brick wall and there's no point of me.
Angelina C: Standing for this. And then, you know, I hadn't talked to. He stayed out we didn't say to her to each other, kept us all up all night. And then he the other night, and then
Angelina C: Yesterday when I got here. He's like, You need to talk to your mom Michaela for me remember what we talked about. I was like, Okay, let me already about it.
Angelina C: So yeah, you just can't be right here. I was like, Don't worry, we're moving. Anyway, so don't worry about Michaela already has all her stuff she's ready
Angelina C: She's ready to go so well. It's hard without reading water, but she wants to be with me. You know what I mean. And she knows I have a job and she's willing to sacrifice all this with me but we deserve better. We Yes, she does.
Gwenevere Abriel: She do you do
Angelina C: And he came home to look at the piping to see how much of the car hit him and do anything for us. So I was just like, this is
Angelina C: You can have it. I'm good. You know, and I mean like I told my kids, you know, like I've been told is she just couldn't understand I had explained to her.
Angelina C: I just know. There used to be somebody under there. There's nobody under there. Now that I used to know, you know,
Angelina C: And he tells everybody. I mean, I'm this I'm that I you know when they're the ones that are the at I've been there. So I know like I taught Michaela. You know what I mean. And I used to lie to just like he's lying. I, I did to you know
Angelina C: But he doesn't see himself like that. So no
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody does when they're in it. So when you hear people like say, oh, we can get them into rehab. No, no, no, no, no, no. When he will come asking for help, or he'll get his butt in there on its own.
Angelina C: If he does. I mean, he's pretty out there and I told Michaela you know she knows to see. I mean, he's been with her, she she texted me at work, scared.
Angelina C: Because the way he was driving. He was toward him. And I was like, oh my god, I'm at work and she did. I said, just please let me keep in touch with me, she's like, I will
Angelina C: Because I've been told her call your sister, if you have to, you know, come get you something. And then that he's still fighting with them. Yeah, they will have no he's losing people slowly so
Angelina C: And until something bad happens. I don't think he's gonna snap.
Angelina C: Yeah we driving and talking and he can't sit still. He's yelling, like I
Angelina C: Don't know. So Michaela had to put up with it. I felt so bad because he was supposed to leave yesterday, and he didn't leave till this morning and and then he's like, expecting me to talk to him. I'm like,
Angelina C: It's just not worth my stress. Like I told my Kayla, and that's the other thing I put first and I told my Kayla my health needs to come first right now.
Angelina C: This House we cleaned it, there's some mold and in order to get this whole house inspected. It's not even worth it.
Angelina C: So we clean what we could have it in my mom got mad and she's like no don't even touch it anymore. But we have gloves and stuff toothbrush bleach. I just feel that
Angelina C: I'm just happy to move forward again next time. Like I told my brother. Once I get all my name off of everything insurance no strings to tide.
Angelina C: And I am
Angelina C: for child support, and I've never done that before either. So that's my next step, but that's after I get settled and stuff like you stay one step at a time.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You said I've got good, bad, ugly, the whole deal. Right. So I've heard a big piece of all of the good
Angelina C: Yeah, well that was with the bad, and the ugly in it to
Gwenevere Abriel: all mixed in with it.
Angelina C: Yeah, was pretty much it was just, you know, um,
Angelina C: I don't know why I think you can change every time, but it's just getting worse and worse. So I haven't told Michaela you know
Angelina C: It's just me and her, and if it's her choice. She's 16 if you know she wants to send it. He wants to sit or money, but I am going for him for child support and
Angelina C: I think this is I'm just and he gets mad. This is the thing. I think this is where I get confused when I'm not going to say
Angelina C: Is that he throws rehab in my face. Oh, you went to rehab for 90 days. Well, nobody said he can't either.
Angelina C: But he swears up and down like because I went to rehab and he's just not making any sense but like my kids like yeah but at least she went
Angelina C: You know, at least I'm not blowing my whole checks on whatever and he's doing more than just pills. Because I mean, he's just not
Angelina C: I don't know, maybe. And you know what's even worse is His mom was addicted to him, his sister, and now this and he you know I it scares me because I feel like I don't know he's had to mix it with something else math or something because he just does not so he doesn't sleep.
Angelina C: He's up a nice taking that fit. No, he's not gonna and I told McHale I feel really bad. But there's nothing we can do.
Angelina C: She's like, but you did it for me. And I said, Yeah, but I he thinks that you're already an adult, like, you know, I sometimes forget. She's 16 to, you know,
Angelina C: When I'm asking her to do a million things for me. I have to stop and remember. Hey, sorry, you know, and she reminds me, and that's a good thing, you know.
Angelina C: And she'll be the first one to tell you to Hey mom, I'm I can't. So that's what I like. Because, you know, then it makes me step back a little bit and realize, you know, I'm the only one that's going to move forward and make it better for her so and get her out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like Angie for you to realize that you're the adult. She's actually a kid and asking her to make decisions is not school. What's this look into the future and say, I'm going to be responsible for rent insurance. It's going to be you managing those lists that you have there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, your daughter, it's going to be you. What does the future look like that for you. If you have to be the only adult making decisions. It's not going to do
Angelina C: Yeah, it does good too. And I know it just makes me feel like I gotta step step up 10 times more and
Angelina C: For her, I just feel bad because I and it's sad. She is 16 and she's already acting like an 18 year old, you know,
Angelina C: And it's just because she grew up so fast with this bullshit. You know, she went through it all with me through kindergarten and
Angelina C: She went through it with me. And then because she stayed with my mom for two years and then and then now to have her back and you're not in school, my brother. That's all I see my brother's disappointed at me for
Angelina C: And taking Michaela and not putting her in school, or even online or anything so
Angelina C: I'll get her that up and get her even back in school if she wants to go back, but I sherry said she didn't she wants to do online. So, and she loves art so my brother said to heat paper whatever class. She wants to do. Now she wants to do an art class so
Angelina C: I think to that will help her and and yeah, go back and be a kid again because she grew up so fast, not not needing to
Angelina C: And, you know, she's like she says she loves to help and she likes to know what the money is. You know what I mean. And
Angelina C: And help me out. And that way we stick together as a team, but I did overwhelm her and it's good when just as x, it does. It makes me just even stronger to move forward with her so
Angelina C: But
Angelina C: Oh you wrap
Gwenevere Abriel: It up. Well, I want to just reveal a little bit. I did see some some tearful
Gwenevere Abriel: It's even hard to see in the end tell
Gwenevere Abriel: Me a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about this story that you just told that makes you cry.
Angelina C: I think that
Angelina C: I'm proud to move forward, but I'm so sad that Michaela hasn't had her childhood or like I look at it, and no no Christmases birthdays hardly anything. You know what I mean, I know it's the material things, but
Angelina C: You know, when we were on, I met. I know I can do it because when her and I were on our own before she had a Christmas with me. Just me and her
Angelina C: And we decorated our apartment together again. And so that's why I know, I know I can do it because I've done it before.
Angelina C: And this one I just don't know any of the strings attached. And that's what I'm starting to do before I go and I'll pack up all my things I never have to come back and so it makes me feel good that I know I've done it before, so I know I can do it again.
Angelina C: It's just doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as often as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're just about to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say hey Michaela. This is my list. See if you can redirect that and text me or some just see if you can catch it right before you walk in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she is just a kid.
Angelina C: It's just, it's just turned 16 and she you know and I know my mom had her like that to, you know, write my list down, let's do this. Let's be responsible but she got McHale it's time to say
Angelina C: And I'm not, I'm not a saver. And so I when I when I looked at her like that she likes to know too, but she doesn't want all of that and I get it I feel bad.
Angelina C: And it's kind of, She is my best friend. And that's what my brother can't stand is her and I being friends. She's not my friend. She's my daughter.
Angelina C: And he thinks that's where I went wrong with Patricia, but my girls. I know everything about them and they know everything about and I don't have anything to hide from a kid. I did tell her.
Angelina C: I'm sorry if that hurts her. But if somebody comes along that makes me happy and I i haven't left in years. I said, I'm doing it. And she said, that's going on.
Angelina C: I said, I may know if it happens tomorrow, three years from now four years from now, whatever, you know, I just let her know that I'm done. And she's like, okay, you know, and I just I that's the last thing I want to do. I just want to get her know after school.
Angelina C: But yeah, it, it feels good to to move forward again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Directing
Gwenevere Abriel: Adrian if if you want to stop right now what is called parental education when you put the pressures of an adult life on a child. It has a name. If you want to stop it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then right before you go look to her because she looks mature because she says she wants to know about money. She wants to know about money because she's had uncertainty in her life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's hard for you to look at that can be hard for anybody, all of us as parents have to look at that. Have I overburdened my child with responsibilities, have I overburdened a child with my emotional needs. You can have a best friend, but your job is a mom.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being mom means you're gonna have to use your resources and she gets to be a kid. So your resources are you have me
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go into group. And you can say, I'm, I'm feeling. I've got all these competing demands. I have all these things I need to do I feel this. I feel that you have, if you, if it is your brother, you can talk with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there are other people in your life that you can have these honest conversations but
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that what made you cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you remember member healthy guilt that thing that got you motivated with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into accountability. You can do that again with your daughter to the tears just said I need to be a parent. I took some way. It's complicated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe she's missed out on just being a child, but you have a chance to do it differently. The same way you get to pay brother back, you get to just be mom. Sometimes it means your daughter won't like you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the deal with being a parent parent. They may not always like what you do but it's in the best interest of the child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know that that might be something that's a big thing for a lot of people to even think about that when the kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been the best friend. It's been this ally little buddies. You guys are buddies.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's something I think we may want to continue talking about because remember what was making you sad. And I said, what was it you said
Gwenevere Abriel: She missed out on childhood. And so we
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to use what worked with your brother, which was taking accountability and what got you motivated
Gwenevere Abriel: Repair. So this is a chance to repair also with one of the most important people in your life. Yes.
Angelina C: Yes, very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing parental education to a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I've been watching people for over 20 years. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are gonna be overburdened in interpersonal relationships to they're going to be perfectionist stick. They're going to be very hard on themselves, and they risk depression and they risk anxiety, they risk those things. And I know you don't like them.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a chance to do screeching halt. Wait a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you start to do that. Do you know where you can channel like as soon as you think, oh, I want my, my daughter to solve this for me, give me the answer. What's something you could do to to redirect.
Angelina C: Dizzy to try to think about stop and think of it myself or, or, like you said, Call you earned my brother or somebody and just like whoops I was going to do this, but I didn't. So just get it out just to get it out or write it down. I'm really good at.
Angelina C: Letting a lot out and I haven't done that a long time just getting a notebook. There's time face to write. I don't even know what the heck it said, but I got it out so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's probably going to be a decision. So if you write it out. Do that line thing we did it's I could do this or I could do this. What are the pros. So the title is blah, blah, blah, blah. This apartment. What are the pros are the cons and you write it out.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You look at if you want to. If you want another pair of eyes, you could take a picture and send it to me. Or you could write me in a text and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking through something right now. This is hard, really want to get my daughter's advice, but instead I am going to do this, I'm going to move through this uncertainty. I'm going to trust my own intuition going to trust myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something you were interested in doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I believe in you. Angie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think your heart, your heart is really in the right place.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice how much conviction, you must have in your wanting to recover that you would
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay your brother back and then me to get into part I'm going to get it. And again, I get an apartment, you told your daughter, you're going to that. That's a promise, will you keep that promise it's risky. If you don't, right, yeah.
Angelina C: Oh yeah, she's already
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another appointment together what your availability is I don't have a lot, but I can see right now. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have. I don't know if this is too early for you, but I have next Friday at 9am. Are you still going to be sleeping at that point.
Angelina C: No, that'll be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you
Angelina C: just texted me the night before.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Angelina C: That reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. Dr. Bill was asking about you today and I didn't give her the long version. I just said, She's still in treatment, a meeting with her in a few minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's been making up going to grow up on Fridays. I know she wants to be in on on Thursdays. Do you want next week to be like restart. You go to group at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Wednesday, and then that's may 21 and then you'll see me at nine in the morning may 22
Angelina C: Okay. And then, yeah, that'll work.
Angelina C: And I work
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Message your physician now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, do I do you want me to say you're out of medicine or anything, or I'll just say you were here when you want me to do.
Angelina C: Just out there. I'm good. I just, I told her I hadn't really met with you. I've been meeting with you guys. I didn't do group. I'm sorry. I've been under a lot of stress, too. So, so we're going to run a bunch of tests stuff.
Angelina C: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to attend group tomorrow, you are more than invited to you might like the activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very welcome to do so right.
Angelina C: Okay, I'll see where I'm at. But yeah, I'll see where I'm at, what group tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, oh
Angelina C: Yeah, I might be able to his work, so we'll see. But yeah, 12 to one that was out of work. I'll try to hop on there. They've been waiting a long time. So tell people to check in, like 30 minutes ahead of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. A little write a note to yourself. If you want to a reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: Even put it in your phone even once a day, like how can I be accountable as a parent, how can I hold myself accountable as a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really intentional. And if you need to send me a little message like, Oh, this is so hard and I want to do this. I really want to call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to my daughter, you can kind of vent like that. I won't be able to say much back, but I'll it'll be something like, hang on there, girl. It's worth it will be some some little thing. At least I could say something. Okay.
Angelina C: Because yeah, because that's I do that to her, Courtney. I do that a lot to her. I always tell her that
Angelina C: All right, I'll run to her so. Okay, that'll work off text you dinner, and I'll see you tomorrow at noon.
Angelina C: Not maybe Monday's group, but we'll see. I should be our at tomorrow at noon. I don't see why not. Right now I don't haven't looked at what I have for tomorrow, either. I thought to do is once
Gwenevere Abriel: You save it to you.
Angelina C: All right, I'll see you later. Bye bye.